----------
Class 02
----------

1. git help
    What it does: Provides access to Git’s built-in help system, allowing you to view documentation and get help on specific Git commands and concepts directly from the terminal.
    When to use: Use this command when you need quick access to the official documentation or help on a specific Git command or concept. For example, you can type git help <command> to get detailed information about a specific command.

2. git log
    What it does: Displays the commit history of the repository, showing a chronological list of commits along with commit messages, authors, dates, and commit hashes.

    When to use: Use this command to track changes, understand the history of your project, or find specific commits. It's particularly useful for reviewing the evolution of your project.

    Common Variations:
    git log --oneline		: Displays a condensed view of the commit history, with each commit on a single line.
    git log --graph			: Shows a graphical representation of the commit history, useful for visualizing branches and merges.
    git log -p					: Shows the patch (diff) introduced in each commit.
		git log 						: normal
		git log --stat 			: detaylı

3. git clone
    What it does: Creates a copy of an existing repository in a new location, cloning both the repository’s files and its entire history.

    When to use: Use this when you need to create a new working area on your local machine by cloning a repository from a remote server, such as GitHub. It is commonly used to start working on an existing project.

    Key Points:
    The cloned repository includes a full copy of the project’s history.
    You’ll have your own local repository that you can work in independently of others.
    
		Example: git clone https://github.com/user/repo.git

4. git pull
    What it does: Fetches changes from a remote repository and merges them into your current branch. It combines the actions of git fetch and git merge.
    When to use: Use this command to update your local repository and working area with the latest changes from the remote repository, keeping your work in sync with others.

5. git fetch
    What it does: Fetches changes from a remote repository, updating your local repository with the latest commits from the remote, but does not merge them into your current branch.

    When to use: Use this when you want to see the latest changes on the remote repository without merging them right away. It’s a safer alternative to git pull when you want to review changes before applying them.

    Key Difference from git pull:
    git fetch updates your local repository’s information but does not alter your working area.
    After git fetch, you can decide when and how to merge the fetched changes.

 6. git stash
    What it does: Temporarily saves changes in your working directory that are not ready to be committed. This allows you to switch branches or perform other tasks without losing your work in progress.

    When to use: Use this when you need to temporarily set aside your current changes (e.g., to address something urgent on another branch) without committing them.

    Common Situations:
    Example: You’re working on a feature, but need to pull changes from the remote repository to fix an issue without committing your incomplete feature. Use git stash to store your changes temporarily.
    Key Points:
   
   Basic Commands:
    git stash: Stashes the modifications in your working directory (but does not include new untracked files).
    git stash pop: Reapplies the latest stashed changes and removes them from the stash list.
    git stash apply: Reapplies the latest stashed changes but keeps them in the stash list.
    git stash list: Displays all stashes.
    git stash clear: Removes all stashes from the list.
    
	Advanced:
    git stash --include-untracked: Stashes both tracked and untracked files.
    git stash pop stash@{1}: Applies a specific stash from the list (in this case, the second one).