
	Thread Group :
	
		We use Thread Group to test how many users are going to use the website at the same time.
			
		Which means; 
			A thread group is a set of threads executing the same scenario.
			
	When creating thread group;
		
		1. right click on test plan
		2. add -> threads(users) -> thread group
		3. Number of Threads (users) -> How many users are going to be using the website? 50 users should hit the flow. 
										(That is my requirement.)
		4. Ramp-up Period (seconds)	 -> How many seconds you want all the users to be on the website, to hit the server?	
		5. Loop Count 				 -> How many times is this process goind to be repeated ? Let's say 5.
		6. Or - check 'Infinite' & 'Specific Thread lifetime' and provide duration. 
		   Let's say the duration is 60 seconds, it will do the process during 60 seconds.
		   
		*** THE CLIENT GIVES ALL THE DETAILS WHAT HE NEEDS.
				
	For Example;
			
		Let's say our scenario is, 50 users are going to be on the website for 5 seconds. So that means, every 1 second, 10 user is going to be online on the website. This is how it works in real time scenario. 
		
		Let's say, 1000 users are going to visit and click to a specific product. They won't click that product at the same time. That product will be clicked for 5 seconds for example or 10 seconds. So, that's why, we use 'Ramp-up Period (in seconds)'. 
		
		  We provide some period of time in seconds and simulate that scenario. 
			
			1000 users will click on the product, for 10 seconds period of time which means 100 users per second. 
		  
			And we will repeat this process 5 times (Loop count = 5).
			
			So, this product will be clicked 5 x 1000 = 5000 times.
			
	
	If the user FAILs, what should thread group do ? 
		
		We select what the thread should do in "Action to be taken after a Sampler error" section.
		
	Either we should CONTINUE with the remaining users, or... 
		
			- Continue (Most of the time peaople use Continue)
			- Start Next Thread Loop
			- Stop Thread
			- Stop Test
			- Stop Test Now
	
	